Fix Default SpiderLoader doesn't take into account addons (#6568)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/addons.rst

Writing your own add-ons
========================

> Add-ons are Python classes that include one of the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add-ons are Python classes that include one or both of the following methods:
```

    :param settings: The settings object storing Scrapy/component configuration
    :type settings: :class:`~scrapy.settings.Settings`

> .. classmethod:: update_early_settings(cls, settings)

Reviewer 2: I don't have a strong opinion, but "update_settings_early" sounds a bit more clear. 

The current name is saying the method will update a thing called "early settings". With "update_settings_early" it'd be "update the settings, but do it (when?) early", which makes more sense to me; we don't introduce a new concept of "early settings".

Reviewer: I think this is a good point to clarify before merging.

My suggestion was based on the fact that there are indeed “early settings”, settings that, if updated, need to be updated before the crawler is built in order for them to be applied effectively. I think there is more than 1 such settings, I think at some point @wRAR looked into them.

Maybe we should document a list of settings that should be updated with this class method instead of the other method. I wonder if for some of those we would need to move this method even earlier.

People could indeed use this method to update other settings. And I don’t see a reason to try to prevent that. But I think documenting the settings that you are expected to update through this class method makes it OK for us to break the update of unrelated settings in the future if needed (if that could even happen).

Reviewer 3: There is a list of early and/or singleton settings at the end of https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/practices.html#running-multiple-spiders-in-the-same-process (it may be incomplete and/or outdated but is a good start).

Reviewer 2: What should be the name for these settings? Is it about being "Global", not spider-specific, "singleton"?

Reviewer 2: settings on CrawlerProcess level, not on spider level?

It also seems the concept of "early" settings ("settings that, if updated, need to be updated before the crawler is built in order for them to be applied effectively") may be different from "global" settings. Are they the same settings? Or are some settings global, but not early - or early, but not global?

Reviewer: I’ve pushed a change to rename ``early`` to ``pre_crawler``, and have the docs describe what “pre-crawler settings” and “rector settings” are, based on the existing docs. Thoughts?

Reviewer 3: I think these two classes overlap only partially. At a quick glance, all settings listed on that page are global (that's why they are listed in the doc about multiple spiders in the same process), but only the first set of examples is needed before the `Crawler` instance is created (= `CrawlerRunner.crawl()` is called).

Reviewer 3: Well no, I think that first set of examples (which is `SPIDER_LOADER_CLASS` and the settings used by the spider loader) is not a per-process thing, only the other two are.

Reviewer 3: @Gallaecio yeah, looks like you also found the same categories. OTOH I'm not sure if the only things that can be per-process are things tied to the reactor. I'm even not sure if there are no such settings in the current Scrapy. Thoughts?

Reviewer: Documentation-wise, even if there may be more settings unrelated to the reactor that are also process-specific settings, or even some other category of special settings, I don’t think we need to worry about it here.

If later on we find other built-in settings that need to be treated similar to reactor settings, we can rename “reactor settings” to something else, or group “reactor settings” and a new group of settings under a parent “process settings” or similar.

My only concern here is agreeing on the name for settings that should be changed by the new class method when implementing an add-on, since we are putting that name on the API. Other names, like “reactor settings”, have no impact on the API, so I feel like we can rename and refactor those at will at any point.

    This method is called before the initialization of the
    :class:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler`. Here you can do the same updates as in the
    ``update_settings`` method, but won't have access to the crawler instance.
    Some settings, like :setting:`SPIDER_MODULES`, need to be updated here

>     becausethey are used during the initialization of the crawler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    because they are used during the initialization of the crawler.
```
